Hello everyone and this is our comparative
xiaomi and goupro test
All well, I generally looked at a lot of reviews
already on xiaomi is and everyone is talking about
microphone right now i think i will
speak and will switch on the left u
us xiaomi and right goupro will
switch between them and you yourself
feel how bad the microphone is
video how to fix it is necessary her
it's easy to disassemble
watched and remove the filter but if
chosen that dirt will fall right
on the membrane or whatever it is called
microphone and it will be littered i think
some time if both use like
he will also score the camera
bad there is no sun could be
comparative test saved take off like
takes off gopro and xiaomi in the sun here
I take off these windows you are 980 1920 by 1080
frames per second end of this video
will be
coil typewriter and you will appreciate
how's this footage is better at 60
xiaomi or angle pro
maximum frame rate
go to the right gives us 240 but with some
small resolution as well as xiaomi
In general, according to their characteristics, they are
shooting expensive to start with the fact that she
shoots in 4k but true 15 frames in
For a second, this is not well known.
I have just gopro triten new she
like shoot and 30 frames per second then
there is quite normal so here it is
dirty lake well I will mark
the video will be on the left we have xiaomi on the right
gopro and I will also put on video
when with what sound does you think
able to assess the quality of the picture
sound let's get down now to
typewriter